One thing the past and future have in common: the farther away from the present you look, the fuzzier the image gets.

One’s true power lies in the mastery of utilizing the perceptions of others.

In a world that has all the answers, ask questions. However, you are not necessarily obligated to simply accept the answers you were given, for the logic behind some answers could be flawed. Reach your own conclusions that you can understand. Always ask questions.

What is, does. What isn’t, doesn’t. You are, so do.
IN OTHER WORDS. . .
Something does something. Nothing does nothing. You are something, so do something.

To create is to recall how we came to be.

As all living things breed their own kind, so too, do gods produce gods. If you or your religion claims that you are a child of God, would that not make you a god?

Creators create creators.

Everyone talks about the two sides of a coin, but who speaks of the side that connects them? This is the nature of dichotomy, connected through their polarity.

Communism in theory would be an ideal form of government, if any government were to exist. However, its main flaw, the corruption of man, is evident where money is concentrated. And yet, how is capitalism any better, which shares the same flaw? The only difference between the two is communism has one person in power, while capitalism has several people with similar levels of influence in power.

Through words, we speak of concepts and ideas. Through actions, we demonstrate them.

From birth, we have been taught the dichotomy of Good and Evil, the standard that tests all future dichotomies.

I recall a dream I once had, where everyone agreed with everything I said, as if my words were factual and true, no matter how absurd the statement was. I think it was a nightmare. (Perhaps no one knew what I was saying to begin with, and just agreed blindly?)

Speech is a funny thing, for it is used to both clarify and complicate.

Anyone can deceive through words, but who can deceive through action?

Innocence is merely a lack of experience.

I find it symbolic, how television transitioned from black and white, to color. How we went from morally objective right and wrong, to realities that do not even have an objectively correct answer, a gray area so to speak.

Black and white is simply dull, and color is beautifully complicated.

A jigsaw puzzle is not defined by a singular piece, and reality is not defined by one perspective.

The Jonah Complex intrigues me. I would ask myself, “why do people fear their true potential?” Now I must ask, “do they fear what they would do with such power?” After all, if you reached your true potential, who could stop you if you became a monster? All you could do is watch in horror as everyone vainly attempts to hinder your progress, where you effortlessly destroy them.

How can one speak of morality, of right and wrong, so objectively when even black and white are ultimately nothing more than different shades of gray?

Video games are like dreams that you can jump back into at any time wherever you left off. Be it dreams of beautiful and emotional scenery, or the conquests of one battling through the dark recesses of another’s own hells, there is something for everyone. Here, you can find your labor, or, if you so choose, you can seek out a realm where you can drop your load, and fight no more.

Have you ever finished a video game and felt empty upon its conclusion? Have you ever wondered why, or am I the only one? My theory is that it all revolves around the question, “what do you do when it is all over?” It is easy to forget short experiences, but when you have clearly invested time and effort into something simply for something new, what do you do when the experience has concluded? You already know the story, how everything plays out, but do you know the most optimal way to go about the experience? This can cause someone to enter a perpetual loop where they always create for themselves another challenge to overcome, “Can I beat the game without dying?” the Tragic God wonders, “Can I beat the game without any enhancements? How quickly can I reach the conclusion of the experience, and save myself the regret of ‘so that’s it? After all I’ve been through?’”

It is the conflicts we leave unresolved today that gives the future its purpose.

The purpose of life is not found in creating life, but rather in living life.

There are times when one must kill in self defense, but the reality takes a darker turn when you continue to kill what has already died.

What is morality, but social justification for one’s actions? And what is moral superiority, but insistence that society must adhere to your reasoning, lest you be immoral in their eyes? Who can claim moral superiority, and be above society?

The one who questions everything will inevitably question their own sanity. But what is sanity, but commonly observed realities?

Those that gaze into the light for too long will eventually become blind.

Not all who wield the light want you to see.

The Dichotomy of Light: Light can be used to grant both sight and blindness.

Fear is quite a helpful tool for the one who knows how to wield it. Firstly, it makes the afflicted predictable. The one who is afraid tends to do one of three things: run, fight, or freeze. At that point, it is simply a matter of knowing what realities your target fears, and their immediate response to them.

What good is the rule, in the presence of its exception? (A fair rule?)

Isn’t it funny how times of simplicity and times of convenience tend to describe the same events in time, while times of complication describe the same events in time as the times of hardship? If you thought that was odd, imagine how incomprehensible it would be to say how people today have grown soft and have taken things for granted, therefore they should live through war, tragedy, and hell. Imagine that! To want others to go through the same horrors you have, the same horrors that you fought so no one else would ever experience such suffering. Have you fought for nothing? Killed for nothing? Molded by reality to mold reality, for nothing? Don’t get me wrong, changing the rules and the odyssey involved in learning such power are of utmost interest to the one of light, for such occurrences are rare to observe, and statistically impossible to be the one fated with the powers of a god. But what point is there in changing reality, in twisting fate, if the reality serves you well, and fate harbors no grievances against you?

Tragedy is no stranger to comedy, how it can make the ironies involved with someone’s own hell so amusing and entertaining to the masses. So nonsensical, so pointless, and yet. . . so understandable.

(Elaborate on how the phrase “fishers of men” may give the impression of dehumanizing the newly converted, how they are referred to as product, rather than people, how this God has became so desperate to save, despite claiming omnipotence, omniscience, and omnibenevolence, that He cares less about WHO He saves, and more about HOW MANY He saves)

I am not here to bring you to greener pastures via authority, I am here to help you find greener pastures via guidance. I am not here to think for sheep, I am here to give sheep the minds of shepherds, shepherds that will look after their fellow shepherds as they would their own flock, providing guidance for the lost peers who seek aid. I am here, to reflect the light that shines upon you, so you can see you for yourself. Once you can define who you are, everything that does not contribute to you will be made evident, and will fall away easily. Everything else will either be an extension of you, or an enhancement of your essence.

A sweet poison is an effective poison.

Sleep deprivation is certainly an experience. For starters, you quickly realize how much time you have on your hands when sleeping is not an option. While a blessing at first, it becomes more of a curse the longer it is endured. You will slowly become more irritable. Your head will start to ache. Your eyes will become sore from observing light and silence will become utter bliss to your ears. Such nuances will grow until you wish to have been blind and deaf, and the overall sensation of living will become overwhelming. Even taste is affected by this development, where food will taste ten times as strong and its flavor becomes indistinguishable, the burning taste of static. You will lack any conventional sense of hunger or being full. As this continues, you will become uncomfortably aware of your own existence. It will be an awareness that is not easily forgotten. This will continue to escalate as you desire to no longer see, hear, or feel anything at all. Ever intense, as you crave unconsciousness and, perhaps, even death. But we both know that such things hardly come at our convenience, right? Besides, why invite death’s inevitable arrival to be in any moment other than on time?

Hell does not discriminate. Hell does not care if you have been good or bad. Hell does not care if you fight for it, or against it. All it could possibly care for, is for all to perceive such a reality. . . and suffer.

What fun is there in hearing what someone has to say without knowing how they have reached their conclusions?

Existence is a tragedy, life a cruel joke, and we are but the victims of its schemes. 

Without ever wanting such a fate, we have been brought to this realm. A place of time, of space, of dichotomies spread too thin to allow for contradictions and infinity, and of lowered self awareness. Throughout our life here, we come to learn how things work in this realm of things. “What will happen if this occurs? What possibilities does this action beckon? What will become of x in the reality of y, the result of which we will define as z? What is the nature of x? What is the nature of y? What is the nature of z? How does something affect everything? How does everything affect something?” We are taught the value of life through its frailty alongside the reminder that one day, everyone will end up like everyone before them, including us. We are shown the many ways life interacts with itself. We learn and apply this knowledge to conquer the realm we first opened our eyes to. However, the day will arrive when you have nowhere else to look for more knowledge than within yourself. Unknowingly, everything you had ever learned would be applied in moments such as this.  (Keep Going…)

Two forms of metaphorical manipulation: pulling on someone’s strings and pulling on someone’s chains. The former being more subtle yet easy to break free from upon discovery, while the latter is plainly evident, yet requiring much strength and sheer force of will to be free of.

Through either death or vision, you now glimpse at a reality beyond material. You see before you two humanoid figures, each clad in armor, helmets hiding their faces. Standing before you, is the first dichotomy. The one of light is Purpose, who gives those that gaze upon it a defined reality and a reason to fight, persist, and continue. The one of dark is Void, who gives those that gaze into its dark abyss an irreplaceable peace, a peace recalled when one realizes that the pains and pleasures of material are merely finite, and only nothing lasts forever. (Other Details Here) The two figures remove their helmets. You are taken by surprise for, despite their polarity, they both look oddly familiar. In fact, they look an awful lot like you.

When dichotomies meet in a place of space and time, two things can occur: they can clash, or they can mix. The former of interest through discovering which will remain, and the process of determining such things, while the latter of interest through what it could be out of limitless possibilities. Not quite one, not quite the other, but something different made from familiar components.

The irony that something could be both someone's greatest comfort and greatest fear. Nothing exemplifies this more than the fear and comfort a God invokes. The idea: no one can stop God. How can something contained within a god's reality contest the same god that has forged the very shackles of its creation from the beginning?

Void being the inspiration for Purpose, must elaborate…

On occasion, I would ponder the various concepts that may have contributed to the creation of various monsters in the media. One I find of particular interest is the zombie, a common cause of apocalyptic realities. I have observed this entity to embody the following concepts: Something that should be dead but isn’t, an empty husk clinging still to that intoxicating purpose that life gives, without living, refusing to rest. This entity is commonly mentioned to have an insatiable hunger, sometimes brains in particular. This hunger is what defines the reality of the zombie and gives this entity its one purpose, to feed. Blinded by their newfound Divine Purpose, these entities exist to consume the minds and bodies of the living, that more may join their ranks, or succumb to their wounds, so that only the zombie remains. Keep in mind that they never attack each other, if rarely, only those deemed to not be zombies. This troubles me, for I have observed amongst the population, people who have adopted concepts of the zombie. People who have abandoned the lives they once lived, to shamble amongst those with the same blinding purpose granted by some unseen thing. Who approach the “heathens” and “sinners” with the intent of recruitment. Granted, I have mainly observed them to do so through words of persuasion, though I do not know how much longer they will wait, unsatiated, wishing to win the war on what reality is, be it through principalities and powers, or flesh and blood. This is the concern I have regarding religion, and what I worry may become of my Tragedy of God Theory, that people may take it too seriously and bind themselves to it, presuming that all the thinking has been done for them. And yet, unlike some depictions, there may be a cure for such a condition: a healthy dose of self-awareness. (Elaborate Further. . .)

There is a bit of irony to the concept of blood. A substance known for giving and sustaining life only holds that idea when it is left unobserved. When observed, it invokes ideas of death and depravity.

Quite odd, how the behavior and culmination of ideas can parallel microorganisms and their effects on larger organisms. Must Elaborate, for this could hold a cornerstone in the world I am wanting to create, to show how various ideas may be realized physically. . .

Reimagine the reality presented by the poem “Footprints” through the lens of the Tragedy of God Theory. An important line for it would be “You would do the same for me,” since it could show the tragedy of Alphard’s reality, emphasizing just how lonely this entity is. Question the reality: Where are we going? Why are we walking/wandering in the first place?

To Void, what one can do. To Purpose, what one must do.

A trait of the Void: everything to gain, and nothing to lose.

Among realities of the Tragic God, where everyone and everything is you, but taking different forms and demonstrating alternate concepts, it is impossible to commit any purely selfless act.

A fixed mind is a mind easily broken.

People have quite the habit of making the ordinary extraordinary, and vice versa.

If you want to know what cards I hold, the hand reality has dealt me, then play the game.

Fear is a powerful asset to those who wish to influence reality. However, it should be used sparingly due to its potency. Sure, you could easily achieve your desired result easily through fear, but know that it could also influence many other aspects of reality you may prefer to be left alone.

Gods are often created by man to serve man, whilst also giving their gods a power too great to stand below all of mankind. They rather become entities given entire concepts to be both their domain and weapon to both rule and wield. The likeness of such things could also be applied to kings and governments, which occupy land and attack via their residents and resources granted by the land each one occupies.

People are often defined by the ideas and concepts they demonstrate.

Ironic how my Theory, which presumes a God entity whose nature is without definition, could be considered nonexistent. At least, by our reality’s standards and established definitions. Nonexistent to us, since such an entity would be beyond the scope of our reality.

A heartbeat makes the same sound as death’s footsteps, growing ever louder.

Monsters do not go to hell, they escape it.

Hell is merely reality’s defense mechanism.

Ambiguity often leads to infinity.

Boredom, then curiosity: The sequence to many a discovery.

Fascinating how, when starved of stimuli, the brain will make up and perceive nonexistent things for observation’s sake.

Consider the idea of granting the sensation of pins and needles, commonly associated with limbs “going to sleep,” to the eyes.

Consider using isomorphs to convert sentences into ciphers, where the key to solve a collection of numbers would be the referenced sentence. For example, a coded sentence for “Utter nonsense” could appear as “5-1-1-3-10 13-11-13-19-3-11-19-3” given the reference sentence is “The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog” (Numerical values can range anywhere from 1 to 26, presuming the user is only using english letters)

The idea of confrontation vs stealth in games could be applied in the context of a dream. Say you have a character in some sort of coma. The goal of this character would be to wake up, once it first discovers that it is dreaming. However, characters within these dreams would want to ensure the protagonist remains in an unconscious state, and behave aggressively once they are aware that the protagonist is aware of the dream. While these entities would become more dangerous as a consequence, so would the protagonist.
----------------Potential Entities----------------
-IMPORTANT LORE-
Have everyone infected with the Salus Parasite suffer from “hallucinations” where everyone they see looks and talks exactly like them. The “hallucinations” get worse the longer the subject is infected. Reference entry on ideas & microorganisms for further clarification. . .

What if we had an entity that could represent feeling like something without being that characteristic? For example, wanting to feel smart without actually being smart. Perhaps we could use this to show someone going through some form of an identity crisis. After all, the idea of feeling like having a particular characteristic without truly possessing such a characteristic could lead to some dark possibilities. For example, helping other people just to feel like a good person and to be seen as a good person, when, in reality, this person is not a good person. 

The character that would befall this fate would fall under the trope of an anti-villain. This character would also try to ignore that reality, which ultimately results in their demise.

The subject, upon infection, would be asymptomatic for the first 48-72 hours of exposure. The mutations and augmentations begin when no one else is around to see them happen. Overtime, the afflicted become more of a monster, losing control of themselves little-by-little in the process. The afflicted will become desperate for attention to keep the disease at bay, but will find such a task to be increasingly difficult, as these mutations and lowered sense of self control will drive others away out of fear and leave the plagued to utter solitude. This would be when the victim would succumb to the sickness, and achieve its matured form, a paradigm shift from what they didn’t want to think was a part of them, to becoming all that they are.
\/
What if we had an entity based on the Jonah Complex?
\/
The Priest could be used to represent how one’s identity is lost and is forced to only identify with the ideals the Priest holds
Another entity dreamt, but not given any context (As of now, this entity will be referred to as The Priest): The Priest harvests the skin of anyone it lures in, like wool from a sheep, where the skin will be preserved for future use. However, The Priest does not kill its victims, rather it keeps them alive by placing them in a pen-like structure. Before The Priest starts harvesting the skin of a new victim, it must first expose the victim to the Salus parasite. It often does so via a goblet containing the parasite that the victim drinks. This is often done as a form of initiation. The Salus parasite The Priest yields causes the afflicted to become more susceptible to the entity’s suggestions and requests, while also granting them the ability to absorb liquids on contact as well as advanced regenerative properties akin to the axolotl, a trait often used to regain lost skin. However, this causes the victim’s natural regeneration to be deactivated, becoming reliant on the parasite. Since the victim does not become reliant on the parasite upon the first encounter, the victim must take multiple drinks from the parasitized goblet before the parasite can take control. As this continues, the victim will begin to lose interest in things that previously interested them and forget important events/people in their life. The regenerated skin will also begin to take the appearance of The Priest. When the transformation is complete, the victim will become nothing more than an absentminded shell bound to the demands of The Priest that possesses no recollection of who they are/where. At this point, The Priest no longer needs their skin, but can still utilize them as foot soldiers should defense be required. The skins harvested will serve as identities the Thespians utilize to infiltrate points of interest. If victims prove to easily be “lead astray,” The Priest can plant such people in a “garden” if necessary; forcing them to consume more of the parasite. This is to avoid a situation where someone escapes and finds someone that could put a stop to The Priest's operations.
\/
Have a character that possesses properties of a quantum particle. This character would be able to assume any location, and later form, as long as it is not being currently observed. Elaborate on this character further…
\/
Have an entity based on an overprotective/helicopter parent
This entity is often the result of the infection of someone who takes a strong identity in parenthood.
\/
Elaborate on the three entities once dreamt (Shroud, Frog, Candle) and the one entity once perceived amidst a dream (Thespian) 
There is another, Pax Mortis
----------------------------------------------
Ideas and Notes for the Tragedy of God Trilogy
Have Resolve, the meter that determines one’s sureness in battle and acts as mana, rather be called Purpose. Also, if someone’s purpose experiences a drastic decline, it stuns them for a period.
-
Have areas of pure Void or Purpose, with unique responses to its opposite. For Void, if it is struck by a projectile infused with Purpose, the space the Void occupies becomes defined and becomes an interactable object. Conversely, projectiles infused with Void can clear blockades made of Purpose. This could be used for both combat and puzzle sections.
----------------------------------------------
Tragic Treasury

Revenge is the act of preserving something that no longer exists.

The Tragedy of Revenge is realized when you turn around to remember that what you were determined to protect has already been destroyed. You literally fought for nothing.

The Tragedy of Imaginary Friends is that they are just that, imaginary.

The Tragedy of Ruins is that they are but shells of their former selves, a fraction of what they once were. You may have seen the ruins of a grand castle, but what you saw was only a corpse. If the corpse alone contains so much beauty and power, imagine what it must have been in its prime!

The Tragedy of New Experiences is that they too, grow old and must reach their conclusion, their ending.

The Tragedy of Symbolism is realized when the representative of an idea becomes the idea, its associated definition lost.
—----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Potential Dialogues
(Have the Capstone start in a top-down format!)
(Consider continuing this dialogue for Capstone!)
(Write dialogue to cover interactions before this point!)
Context: A Character tired of the stagnant reality that is their life, seeks out a relic. This relic, according to rumors and whispers, grants people the ability to interact with a variety of entities beyond their scope of reality. Some of which are not too different from those in this (the Character’s) reality. Desiring something new, through solving puzzles and riddles and avoiding traps, the Character beholds the relic, a tablet with an ornate black and white design. Upon obtaining the relic, the room the Character was in becomes devoid of all light, disorienting the Character. The Character overhears two other Voices conversing, albeit faintly. The Character tries to get the attention of the Voices, but to no avail. The Voices eventually fall silent, and the Character is then enveloped by a blinding light. When the light fades, the Character finds themself standing atop a mountain, with a grand view of the surrounding area. The Character, at first, is in awe of the surroundings it now occupies. This awe turns into shock and terror as they look down to the tablet they are still holding. The Character’s mind goes into a spiral of thought, wondering what happened, where they are now, what is to be done with this change in scenery. A Voice breaks the Character’s monologue:

???: Hello?
The Character jumps momentarily and scrambles to put the tablet in their inside coat pocket before turning around and observing the stranger.
Character: Oh! Hey! I… didn’t see you there!
???: Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you. What brings you here?
Character: I… <shifts nervously, fiddles with the coat pocket> can’t recall.. Actually… <Character looks around to see that they are in a relatively isolated section of the mountain> What brings you here?
???: Probably the same reason you’re here, a different view, a different circumstance. How far did you have to go to find this one?
Character: Oh, pretty far. Home may as well be a fading memory.
???: Oh, I hear ya! I’ll bet this looks nothing like where you used to be, doesn’t it?
Character: Oh, not by a long shot! Although… Come to think of it, you remind me of someone back where I was from. Weird, I can’t remember his name… Oh! I almost forgot! My name is <Character name>! What’s yours?
???: My… name? It has been so long since I needed one.
Character: What do you mean?
<??? approaches the ledge, overlooking the valley below, standing beside the Character>
???: Well you see, names are only needed when you need to make a distinction between yourself and at least <??? Thinks to himself for a moment> three other people.
Character: Why three?
???: If Person A and Person B share a meal, and you are Person A, then there is simply You, and Not You. If you were to mention the lunch you had to Person C, Not You would become Not Us, since there is only one other person you could have been with. If you were to mention the luncheon to Person D, you would have to specify that it was with Person B, and not Person C, since there would be more than just Us, wouldn't there?
Character: Well, does that mean you don’t have a name?
???: The way I see it, I could go by any name. The trick is figuring out which one to stick with. In this foreign land, no one knows where we were from, what we used to be, what we were known as back then. Now? Now we can create a new name for ourselves, become something completely different. Back then, we were formed by our circumstances. Now, since we can alter the circumstance, why not change our names? I’ll need some time to think about it.

…
“I hear It: God screaming.”

For the start of the game, have the player explore the ruins of a lost civilization. As the player explores, give the player the idea that this group of people were philosophers, seeking to understand the nature of reality and its contents. Have the player come across excerpts of this group’s findings. Eventually, these accounts will suddenly cease without warning. After looking through other sources, the player may recall that witnesses to this group mention that this group just vanished without a trace. The bodies of these people are still missing to this day. Invoke the idea that whatever these people were looking for, they either found it, or were very close. This would, of course, be referring to the Tragedy of God Theory.

Have this location be the first place the group first arrives at…

Consider using for The Enlightened: “They seek the eyes of God, and view me a sham when they see nothing. They beckon for the ears of God, and hear nothing. They wish to speak the word of God, but are dumbfounded when they are speechless. It brings me a good laugh, for they presume that they would see something, hear something, say something.” (describing the eyes of god seeing nothing, etc.)
—----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Betrayal of Light
A story about a holy man who was led to a place so bright, so blinding, that he could not see the path he walked, or the place he sought.

—----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Enlightened

Have a story about a world that grows a certain fruit that allows them to sense reality through the five senses. The people there believe that this fruit allows them to see what is real and true, and to refuse it is to lose yourself in a world of darkness, lies and deceit. Out of fear, many continue to consume the fruit. However, one person, our protagonist, will start to question why, and learn of what the fruit is and of the person’s reality because of it.

Have a mentor figure, one that is distanced from society, that has familiarity with what one observes without the fruit.

A quote for this mentor would be “next time you start hallucinating, bring a mirror”

This will, of course, be referring to my Tragedy of God Theory for concept material.
—----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Fourth Dream
I do not know what the organism shown in this dream is, all I know is that it exhibits a parasitic nature. It will be referred to as Pax Mortis, or Pax for short. I know that it first infected deer, likely through ingestion. After consumption, an unknown incubation period takes place, where the Pax develops towards the host’s brain, traveling through the nervous system found in the stomach. This often results in nausea being the first symptom to emerge. Once control of the brain is obtained, the deer becomes aggressive, traveling with other infected to find new hosts. The eyesight of infected deer is worse for wear, mainly used to detect movement. Infected deer also utilize sound to detect potential hosts. It is through deer that people started getting infected. 
—----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Personal Lore

    Where I grew up, significance was a rare commodity.
    I would often be left with little more than my own thoughts.
    Memories of the same day repeating itself, time parodying recollections.
    Of course, there is a comfort to consistency,
    but when clocks refuse to let you stay in paradise,
    it is only a matter of time before you smell the rot.

    And as the rising sun left a sour taste in my mouth,
    a constant mockery of stagnant potential,
    my family had decided to move to Florida.
    An intriguing prospect if even for a week,
    until the days resumed repetition, all over again.

    At this point, it became evident to me that a mere change in scenery wasn't enough.
    I needed a change in cast. I needed an entirely new narrative.
    I needed to reach beyond my roots. I needed to reach for the sun.
    One day, the sun rose over Utah...

    The first day was spent taking in the surroundings.
    I had never seen buildings so tall up close.
    I had hardly known anticipation until then.
    Back home, I rarely cared for whatever happened next.
    I learned to embrace chaos.
    Now I stood amongst it.

    The second day, I encountered two people offering cookies.
    Wondering why, I accepted their offer.
    I then learned that they were Mormon missionaries.
    They spoke of their God, I alluded to mine.
    I observed their words, their reasoning.
    I witnessed psychology in action.
    Afterward, we said our goodbyes...

    And as the sun set, I couldn't help but think,
    "Huh, I think I'm gonna like it here."

—----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ironic Prophecy Conspiracy Theory
Disclaimer: This theory presumes that the scriptures and prophecies provided by the Christian religion are true. Also, this is, as previously mentioned, a conspiracy theory. This is simply a different perspective on a literary work.

What if certain Christians are the true antagonists of Revelation? I refer to those that take the religion to cultish extremes. The kind of people that would force their own perspective onto others, would enforce their will over others, would commit the most horrid of atrocities in the name of righteousness. Those whose identities have been completely consumed and overrun. Those whose purpose in life has now been defined by their religion, and that purpose is to spread; spread to viable hosts, and eliminate those that cannot/refuse to be assimilated into such an amalgamation.

When able, look to see if there are any other scriptures that could allude to such a potential reality.

*Look into scriptures saying that people will claim “here is the Messiah!” and to not follow them. Make the connection to televangelists that claim certain public figures, like Trump, to be the second coming of Christ. 
* Matthew 24 : 23-24 - At that time if anyone says to you, ‘Look, here is the Messiah!’ or, ‘There he is!’ do not believe it. For false messiahs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect.
* Matthew 24:5 - ”Many people will go in my name, claiming, 'I am the Messiah,' and deceive many.” 
It never specified that they weren’t Christians.
—----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interactions with Alphard -

Alphard is a character who is mainly defined through an aspect of Its Tragedy of God: loneliness. Despite all Its power and knowledge, It will always remain, truly alone. Everything It has ever created was to bring about some sense of community, company, and comradery, things Its reality completely lacks due to the nature of Void. Even then, It cannot reveal Its true and entire self in the realities that it creates, for it would break the illusion, the entire reason for their creation in the first place, causing Alphard to also struggle with what is: nothing, no matter what It wants to be. It is nothing, which is all that there is. Therefore, It is also everything. However, this doesn’t prevent Alphard from interacting with the realities It forms, It just does so with cautious subtlety. It often appears to those in solitude, those that are as close to the Tragedy of God as they can be given their predefined reality. It does not appear physically, but rather audibly. It speaks through the voice of one's own mind. An inner monologue one may refer to as the Conscious. It is the voice one acts as if It were a separate entity, despite being the very source, despite being that entity. Continue…
\/
The Tragedy of God can be summarized as nothing; nothing at all.
\/
Alphard cannot be killed. It can, however, be rendered unconscious due to the vulnerabilities of Purpose and Consciousness.
\/
It does possess the ability to assume any material form, amongst many other, more prominent, abilities. However, no matter the form Alphard takes, shining a light on the disguise casts a humanoid shadow behind It. If Alphard’s eyes are open and are facing towards the light when this occurs, two holes in the shadow’s head will take the place of Its eyes.
This could make for a sort of Prop Hunt-esque situation, where Alphard may try to ambush you by disguising as various items, and could even disguise as other people you are with. The point is to avoid getting too close to Alphard, as well as making as little noise as possible. Alphard would make multiple copies of Itself to cover more ground and to keep the player on high alert. Noise will cause Alphard to teleport nearby and assume a disguise. Alphard will approach you quietly when your back is turned toward It.
—----------------------------------------------------------------------------
World Appearance -
Give the “real” world a more realistic look, while the realities shown through the Gate appear more cartoon-like. This is to help support the idea that these realities serve to distract and to simply enjoy being a part of. It could also act as a unique form of meta. After all, what better place for Alphard to show Its face than in what everyone knows to be a game? For how could what is presented as parody, as non-reality, be reality? This could speak further, if the player spots Alphard in what is presumed to be the "real" world.
—----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Doomsday Cult -
 Have the cult, despite being the most aware of the nature of reality, be blinded by their own self-defined purpose, as they wage war upon the world to prove their interpretation of reality to be reality. This will reveal that they only perceive two realities: Destroy all that dare question the cult’s reality, or destroy all humanity, so that the Tragic God may finally learn “peace”. This, however, is a false dichotomy, and considering that Alphard (aka Entity 1), when combined with Void (aka Entity 0), is restored to its true form: Alphard, God of Dichotomy, shows that the cult has lost sight of the reality shown to them, and are actually following a false god!
—----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tragedy of God Theory
Disclaimer: This theory presumes the existence of a Creator Entity.

What if physical reality as we know it is all an illusion, a vain attempt to ignore a Creator’s original reality?
If we are to believe that this Creator Entity existed before everything else, then this Entity would have been completely alone, something amongst infinite nothing. 

And as we have observed, people do not respond well to prolonged isolation.

Let me tell you a story.

Once, there was a man named Alphard. Alphard resided in a house of His own creation, a dwelling place as He saw fit. Nothing too fancy, but it certainly was comfortable. There were many things that were lacking in this house: No pictures, windows, or even color could be observed within this place. Alphard would tell you that He had no pictures because He had no interest in what had already happened. Alphard would tell you that He had no windows because He never had any interest in what lay outside. You round a corner and notice a black and white door, beautifully ornate in design. You try to open the door, but come to the realization that it is locked. Alphard chimes in, saying that you “wouldn’t find much to do out there. No one has walked through that door in a long time.” You ask Him, “ Then how did I get in the house?” 

Alphard tells you that how you got here is irrelevant.


Here is My Tragedy of God Headcanon: (Must Elaborate)
Void, all conceivable possibilities, conscience, self awareness, boredom, harnesses the Void’s power, lack of purpose, existential dread, escapism.

Before there was anything, there was a great Void, a Void that knew no bounds and had no limits. Since It was not bound by any sort of logic or reason, any and all things could just appear at random, and disappear just as quickly. If it could be, it was in this Void. Eventually, this Void had created a consciousness, thus making Itself self-aware.

Also, this looks neat. (Obsidian and Clear Quartz Sphere)

Also, cool artistic depiction of the Ancient City